[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the program.
Lots of breaking news to get you
through. I think this first graphic on
markets will tell you most things you
need to know, not everything else. But
as you can see, we're looking at dollar
on the way. Dollar yen, US futures. We
have a lot of breaking news coming
through. Lisa Cook is being removed
effective immediately. We have some new
tariff threats coming out of Donald
Trump. We have a a Chinese onshore
market rally that is exhibiting a lot
more signs of overheating 2% higher to
the upside yesterday. Dollar dropping
steeper as far as a curve goes. And as
you can see, gold futures are now
punching 410 to 1% to the upside.
Equities are down. Taiwan is coming
online. We're looking at declines
quarter 1%. There we go. Steeper curve
twos and tens. do the math across the
curve all the way through to the 30-year
yield. Uh looking at futures right now
going into the open today, A50 futures
where we had dollar China going into
this morning at one month highs or one
month lows. We look at the fix today
which was an anchor for risk assets.
Might that be and might that serve the
same purpose today? We're looking at a
10ear yield at 177 right now in the
10ear yield. We are looking at declines
going into the Tuesday session ahead.
Yeah, it looks like, you know, things
are quiet, things are looking pretty
good. We're focusing on Powell and then
all of a sudden the president starts
posting things on social media and
things can turn south pretty quickly
here. So certainly this is one thing
we're watching even in the China equity
story which is kind of a standalone
thing here. Maybe things are looking a
little bit overheated, right? That's why
we are seeing futures slightly lower
here today. Uh we have been watching
some of those overheating signs after we
saw turnover top three trillion remmen
which is the second highest on record
yesterday on the onshore market. Uh a
lot of it had to do with what we heard
from Shanghai. So easing some home
buying curves as well. So we'll still
watch the property space. Some of these
names like Wanka for example was limit
up even before that sort of
announcement. So certainly one to watch.
We have some July trade data coming out
of Hong Kong and there's an energy
briefing in Beijing today.
>> Yep. Uh earnings as well on deck today.
So we'll look for a market reaction to
earnings yesterday and of course some
names to look ahead. So I won't spend
too much time on these names coming
through but of course he had the likes
of some big uh gold mining gold miners
like Zigin Mining Pingan is on deck
today as with Nong Fu spring and of
course very upstream massive energy
player Petro China if also pointing out
top of the next hour is a briefing on
energy. So we'll watch out for that
among the many things we'll be tracking
going into the open today.
>> Yeah. So the the rally is one thing.
Maybe we could put that aside for now
because what's been happening the last
few hours has been what's been going on
with Lisa Cook, right? Which did kind of
shock the market in some ways. Uh
whether there is legal recourse here,
that certainly is a question, but also
you know does this in some ways bring up
the whole concern about Fed independence
once again.
>> Yeah, I mean what initially what we saw
was a reaction in FX and rates. So the
dollar was uh sold off. Dollar yen was
one of the initial things we were
tracking as well. And I think if you
look at it over three days, right, you
had you had Jackson Hole, you had a move
down in the dollar there, you had a
rebound yesterday uh in the Bloomberg
dollar index and we're coming off a
little bit right now as far as that is
concerned. Now might also be slightly
confusing when you look at cross asset
because we're also getting separate news
uh coming out of a separate truth social
post coming Donald Trump talking about
export restrictions here and that's
might be why equities are continuing to
be under pressure as we speak.
>> So export curves on chips, right? He
says that's something that he could
actually look into over digital taxes.
So certainly that leads to a lot of the
equity space seeing a lot of pressure
here as you mentioned. But yes, this did
come off of after this meeting with the
South Korean president as well. So not
sure what was really discussed in in
that meeting when it came to chips
alone, but certainly that is something
that is a potential headwind here. Let's
talk a little bit more about the top
story here right now. President Trump
removing Fed Governor Lisa Cook from her
post at the Fed after allegations that
she falsified documents on mortgage
applications. Let's bring our US economy
editor Laura Curtis. She is with us
right now. Laura, it seems like the
president escalating pressure on the Fed
once again.
>> That's right. This follows weeks and
weeks and weeks of uh Trump putting
pressure on Fed Chair Jerome Powell to
cut interest rates. Um you know, lobbing
uh insults at him on his social media
feed, that kind of thing. This this is
different though. This is the first time
that uh that that Trump has actually
removed or said he's going to remove a
Fed official. So, it's a real it's a
real escalation here. Um and uh you
know, it does come uh just a few weeks
before the next um the next federal
meeting of federal officials will
they'll discuss uh interest rates and
whether to cut. So, uh lot lot writing
on this one.
>> Laura David here. So, so what happens
next?
>> Well, we're waiting now for comment from
um from Governor Cook. She, you know,
it's not clear whether or not she's
going to to challenge this uh in court.
She may um she may also just uh you know
uh take it. We have not had any comment
from her yet. Um the we did hear from
the from the Federal Reserve uh that
they were not prepared to comment on
this one. So, you know, we're just
waiting now to see kind of, you know, if
she's let in the building tomorrow
essentially, um, or if she if she just
uh uh, you know, takes the news and and
and moves on. Um but yeah, the the big
qu big question around whether she does
challenge this in court, what happens in
the intervening time? Does she, you
know, get to keep doing her job uh while
this plays out or, you know, a lot a lot
is still pretty uncertain uh which is uh
not unusual for for Washington these
days.
Laura, can you tell us a little bit more
if Trump actually succeeds with this
this removal of Cook? How does it change
the dynamics within the board now, the
seven seat board now?
>> Well, it would give Trump potentially
another um another ally on the board. Um
you know, he's he's got one on his way
in. Um but he but Myin is not confirmed
yet. Um, and so it it could, you know,
definitely sway uh the the the voters uh
at the Fed uh to be more in line with
with Trump when it comes to interest
rates. You know, he's obviously in favor
of cutting them. Um, you know, it's not
clear whether other governors are
necessarily um sort of Trump's people,
you know, um uh regardless of when they
uh were appointed, when they came to the
board. But um but yeah, it definitely
gives Trump another seat um if if it
does stick. So he'll have he'll have two
coming up.
>> All right, Laura, thank you so much.
Laura Curtis, great context joining us
out of LA, our US economy editor and
certainly a lot of things to watch. A
lot of development development still
lots of confirmations by the way still
that we we have actually yet to see. Uh
just to also mention here, so we're
looking at market reaction. It's going
to come up on your screens very very
shortly here. The US two and 10-year
yield curve is now the steepest in four
months. Dollars under pressure. There we
go. Uh on your screens, not this one.
Can we get the other one please as well?
Uh and we're looking at US futures also
continuing to be under pressure. We'll
get to that one in a moment because
that's the other big story that we're
tracking here as well. But yeah, VIX
futures are punching higher as
>> obviously it sparks uncertainty as as
Laura mentioned, right? If if Trump
succeeds, this means that there probably
four um board members that could be
aligning with his view of maybe turning
a bit more dovish, right? So certainly
the makeup is very interesting, the
timing is very interesting as well. But
some say, you know, despite all these
questions, it basically reinforces the
Trump playbook that he wants lower rates
uh in general. So certainly there's a
lot of questions of market, you know,
Fed intervention, Fed independence, and
certainly that's why we're seeing the
market kind of right now, the knee-jerk
reaction that we're seeing here.
>> There we go. We'll get you more updates
once we have more confirmation and
information really on many of the other
facets to this to this story. The other
thing we just want to talk about too,
and you might have seen it already, is
really this red-hot rally taking place
in the entr markets. Futures are
pointing to some downside right now, but
just to give you a sense of how quickly
and how fast and in a short amount of
time uh this rally is actually taking
place. CSI 300, the percentage of its
members that are now exhibiting
overbought signs are now at about 40%.
So that's a level we don't normally see.
This is a chart that takes you back in
fact about 11 years or so. And as you
can see, so we are not so much in
uncharted territory, but certainly as
far as the tail risk goes, we are
towards the tail end of these bell
curve. Let's bring in Winnie Su, of
course, our Asia equities reporter to
talk us through this signs of
overheating. We
>> Yeah, we're seeing more of that, right?
Ivonne just now talked about the
turnover um at three trillion yen,
second largest ever that we're seeing.
And also the RSI over 80. So that's
above the 70 level that we're seeing for
both the onshore benchmarks and also
valuation is no longer looking cheap for
CSI 300 about 15 times forward uh uh
forward earnings right now which is at
the level of 2022. So we're seeing these
technical um um indicators showing some
overheating and take a step back when we
just look at how the benchmarks have
performed so far this month. CSI 300 out
uh up about 10% and um also the ACH SH
comp about 9%. So both of them are now
if we look at the monthly performance
one of the top performing gauges um
worldwide and actually although there
are some signs of overheating some of
the other indicators are looking a bit
calmer um with the ACH 10day volatility
still about record low and when you look
at the percentage of margin purchase as
a percent of the overall turnover it's
also pretty low as well so there are
some signs of kind of that calmness in
the market which potentially can show
that this rally might not be just kind
of a boom and bust. It can have some
sustainability there.
>> People like to compare this to 2015. Um
and maybe that's why they say that there
could be a bubble in the making here.
But what what are the the parallels and
what are the differences?
>> Right. So we actually had that article
out over the weekend uh analyzing the
similarities and differences and yes
actually a lot of the similarity there
around just where the AC com is now
trading about the level around 2015 and
also the margin levels are there and
that similarity of the overall
deflationary environment right is
bringing people back to uh what happened
in 2015 and actually well we won't
really say that there is a bubble
already at this very slow pace going up
and more calmness. However, there are
some early signs or let's say the
elements of bubble and when we talked to
the strategist how Hong who uh called
the 2015 boom and bust, he was saying
that the elements are there being the
liquidity is there and the retail frenzy
started to pick up and also we need a
picture um a story to believe in and in
this case it's the improvement in the US
and China relationship. So the bubble is
not there yet and he's calling about
5,000 at a comp level and we're still
quite a distance from there but it's
something that investors are being more
cautious about.
>> Yeah, HSBC also raising their their
targets there for SH comp I think 4,000
by year end. Wishu our Asia equities
reporter there with an update on what to
watch out for here this morning. Coming
up next, we're going to hear from BMP
Parabah. They still remain positive when
it comes to Chinese stocks and Grace TM
says they still see that ah share
premium likely to widen again. We're
counting down the opens in Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. This is the
China Show.
[Music]
All right, we're checking China. Well,
futures here are slightly to the
downside here today. It is a riskoff day
just given some of the breaking news
that we've seen with Trump uh removing
Lisa Cook also when it comes to
threatening these export curbs on chips.
So certainly but also the signs of
overheating in these Chinese markets
could be a sign of maybe things could be
in retreat here today. Here with us now
is Grace Tam, chief investment adviser
at BNP Parabella Wealth Management Hong
Kong. Uh they've been calling it a
liquiditydriven, you know, rally. It's
something that is, you know,
deflationary bull markets and the like.
How should I be looking at this Chinese
market now? Yeah, I think especially for
the onore Asia markets is it looks much
like um it's is catching up because I
mean as we all know for the Hong Kong X
shares this year actually has been uh I
mean performed very well and but a
shares is just um catching up u recently
and uh I mean um especially for like uh
over the past few weeks uh of course for
a shares is like pretty pretty sharp um
jump and a lot of people saying uh is
actually uh getting like ahead head of
fundamentals because I mean when we look
at like especially economic data is
actually slowing rather than like we
we're seeing like uh any any good
rebound but I think um as long as I mean
especially when the economy uh is
slowing that actually raise people's
expectation especially on like more uh
stimulus or supportive uh policies
measures. Yeah.
>> So so what do you make of the valuation
right now? Does it is it still within
the fair range of
>> of of of I wouldn't say projections but
fair range given the the current
underlying economic conditions.
>> Yeah, I think um especially for like uh
Asia markets I think it's just started.
So I mean in terms of valuations and um
it's not really that stretched and of
course I mean uh we need to see uh
earnings uh if earnings could continue
to improve that will help I mean in
terms of valuations. uh I think for the
recent earnings um I mean results so far
uh especially for the Asia market is not
really that uh fantastic and that's why
uh we we are seeing like um this is more
like a valuation reratings rather than
um there's like earnings catching up but
I mean if we are going to see like more
um uh domestic um stimulus measure
especially for now as we all know um
China is engaged in the anti- uh
involution campaign. So I think it's um
it's reasonably to hope uh I mean to see
maybe more measures to especially to
support the domestic demand and that may
continue to help uh especially for all
the in uh anti-involution. it it also
like ending uh price wars and uh hope
hopefully helping like profit margin
right so uh that may uh help earnings
going forward and that could uh I mean
of course help um the the the valuations
but I mean comparatively speaking
especially when we compare like the US
is um really uh more more expensive so I
mean for China a shares or eight shares
I think um uh relatively speaking they
they're still like um reasonable in
terms of valuations.
>> Yeah, despite the sort of dichconomy of
right, you know, the economic funds, the
earnings is are not quite there to match
this rally, you know, there's still
plenty of thematic plays, right? As you
mentioned, anti-involution. Is that why
you think there's still so much, you
know, interest in this market, right?
Whether it's anti-involution, whether
it's biotech that keeps and AI that
seems to be underpinning this rally.
Yeah, I think um I mean especially I
think uh recently like um yesterday
China announced like um some uh property
um measures for Shanghai easing and uh
actually this is like two weeks after
Beijing's very similar measures and that
actually raised hopes for like more um
measures to to support the property
sectors and and of course as we
mentioned um the anti- inolution
campaigns and once they have the
campaigns people saying this is actually
like the um uh the supply side uh
structural reform 2.0.
>> Yeah. So I think um yeah they they they
they doing something but I think we're
uh people are like waiting or with the
hopes that they're going to do more
because I mean um is I mean um when we
look at like all the facts especially
like on the consumptions side that more
need to be done but at the same time I
think there is actually still a lot of
money on the sidelines as we all know
like a savings um actually is huge uh in
China. So I mean especially I mean with
the recent performance in the Asia
market which is like picking up there
could be like more retail in investors
like chasing jumping in again. Yeah.
>> You know our producer Anthony actually
just flagged to your point this note
from Western Securities. You know 14
trillion in deposits might actually
continue to provide that liquidity that
this this market seems to
>> need and you know seems to be the only
thing this market needs. Let's put it
that way for now. U what's your view on
macro?
>> There's a Fed conversation 25 basis
point cut. Do we expect well can we
position for further cuts ahead? Is it a
weaker dollar? How how are we set up
going into the last four months?
>> Yeah, I I think um like a September like
25 basis point cut is almost like a done
deal. Uh but I mean um we still have
like um the PC um inflation numbers
upcoming and also the um the the the
non-farm payrolls and that's the key um
uh macro numbers that we need to um be
closely watch and I think as I mean like
25 basis point cut is almost like fully
priced in um I think the market will
look for like if it's really a a very
weak job datators and market may started
to bet on like uh it's not 85 but 50
basis point that that's chance chance
like yeah
>> what's the advice to clients now I mean
I'm taking a look at it's a down day
today do do I still add to risk
>> yeah um we we actually think that um
especially like August and September is
usually that's I mean seasonality
speaking that's weaker uh weaker months
and that actually also provide very good
opportunities to add because I mean
usually for the fourth quarter we we
have a good um like good rally
especially like like here in Raleigh.
So, uh any weaknesses um that happen in
coming weeks, September, uh we think
that could be like um very good uh
adding opportunities because I mean uh
the Fed is cutting uh liquidity is still
very abandoned and there is a lot of
like cash on the sidelines for example
like money market funds AUM over 7
trillion. M
>> so I mean if people started to see oh um
the deposit rate or or the interest rate
is going down they have to find better
channels right and and then like for
bonds and also for like equities of
course I mean the potential returns
could be could be higher. Yeah. So we
actually thinking there there could be
like a shift like from cash to I mean to
to could be bonds could be could be
equities. Yeah.
>> Great. Thank you so much.
>> Yeah. Thank you.
>> Great time there. chief investment
adviser at BNP Para Wealth Management
here in excuse me in Hong Kong. Going
into the open today, we're looking at
the client's half of 1% on Hansing Index
among the movers. We'll talk about in on
the other side of this break, Heidi Lao
down about 3% getting tossed into hot
water after lukewarm earnings coming
through. More on that and more plenty
more ahead.
[Music]
All right, we're taking a look at what
it comes to macro side of things here
just given the removal of Lisa Cook by
the president here this morning. So, we
are seeing US futures are down. Dollar
is also down. That seems to be the
knee-jerk reaction that we're seeing so
far here as well. And Asia is also
seeing a bit of a pullback when it comes
to stocks here this morning.
>> Yeah, we're not getting the anchor that
we did yesterday coming out of the fix.
So, in fact, not a big change as far as
that was concerned. Um, so we are
looking at Oh, we were looking at Heidi
Law. Are we looking at Heidi Law? I
guess we I guess we could do it later,
but that's a glimpse of what we'll talk
about later, I guess. Half of 1% to the
downside. Southbound flow is very
interesting. We'll unpack this a bit
later on, but the turnover you're seeing
on shore plus the negative
um the net selling that we had over the
Sonic southbound part of the Sakity is
indicative perhaps of more flows coming
through again in favor of entra markets.
So we are still following uh the
direction of liquidity and that gets us
into higho.
>> Yeah, just when we were talking about ah
share parody premium no we're going back
to that premium coming back but yeah
takeau right. So uh this obviously is
what we seeing in the earning side of
things. So analysts were pretty
disappointed by the first half. So they
missed estimates. They said it's a
challenging operating environment.
There's a shortfall in the weaker gross
profit margins and higher other
expenses. So it just goes to show uh
Diner's also holding back also there's a
lot of competition in this space as
well. So shares are down 3%. Gon lithium
uh that one is also talking about a
share placement there. So they're
raising 2.5 billion Hong Kong dollars
from that placement. Shares down about
2%.
>> Yeah. So it's placement convertible
bonds at 2820 2928 a piece on that
placement. Uh we will leave you with a
live look at the Hong Kong Exchange
where yet again another company is
debuting here in the city and it's a
good first day at school. 55%. The
opening bell is just ahead.
[Music]
Good morning and welcome to the program.
Hope you're all well. We woke up today
what was supposed to be a quiet Tuesday
and then this flurry of breaking news
from Lisa Cook, Donald Trump, more
tariffs. That's point number two and
three I believe. And then we also have
this conversation around this Asia
market rally with I think nearly 40% of
the CSI 300 now exhibiting overheating
signs. I think RSI above 70 as far as
constituency is concerned. And then of
course we have this listing coming
through as well today 6960 Hong Kong.
We're looking at 55% to the upside on
again the late simply just the latest
company of this very long list already
and we're barely into September. No,
we're not in September just yet. So,
yep. Here we go. We will wait.
>> Delayed ma. Okay. I think a little bit
of a delay there, but you know, this is
this is actually how the office
committee
>> greets every time Ivonne comes into the
office.
>> There we go. I sneak into the back door.
>> That's the last thing I want.
>> And then when Ivonne walks in the
building, this is how security acts.
There we go. 55%
to the outside. Anyway, on that note,
here's here's Ivonne. She's back in the
building.
>> Yeah. You know, you need that for a wake
up right at 5:00 a.m. in the morning. I
don't need coffee. I just need a gong.
um you take a look when it comes to
this, right? So, another listing to add
to to the mix here for Hong Kong
Exchange. So, certainly is a good day
despite all the kind of crosswinds that
we're seeing in this market, right? As
you mentioned, signs of overheating. You
talk about trade war escalating there a
little bit here and of course the
removal of Lisa Cook by President Trump
and we're still doing pretty well for
Shan Deng Group, the battery maker in
China. So, certainly a good debut there.
The rest of the market is looking like
this here right now. So, we are seeing a
bit of retreat right now, but this is
after what was a pretty robust rally
yesterday, right? You talk about the 2%
gains in the CSI 300. There you go. That
line there turnover in the onore market
topped 3 trillion MMB. That's the second
highest on record. So yeah, it just goes
to show right there is still a lot of
liquidity in the system here right now
to keep this rally going. But then
again, today we are hitting the pause
button just a bit here. Maybe a bit of a
breather here right now. That's why
perhaps we're seeing a little bit of a
buy in the 30-year yield. So maybe a
little bit into the bond space, but not
too much right now. We're watching of
course very closely what happens to the
REM and B. So we are getting on track to
now getting to the strongest since
November for that currency just given
the dollar moves we've seen whether it's
with Fed now Jay Powell what he said at
Jackson Hole and then of course the
Trump lines here this morning on Lisa
Cook. So there you go. Um the property
space was a big one yesterday on the
back of Shanghai easing some of these
home buying curves. So there is a lot of
speculation out there right now that
perhaps maybe more cities in tier one
cities are going to join in. Maybe
Shenzhen is next. If that's the case,
are we likely to see more stimulus in
the property side of things? uh the
property space I've been heard uh is not
actually doing too much but some of
these companies were actually limit up
yesterday here as well. So you take a
look at how Hong Kong is doing here. We
are seeing a bit of a pull back. We're
around that 25,700 level here this
morning. Uh but yes, HSBC I think was
the latest just yesterday upgrading
their uh year end targets for CSI 300 uh
in particular as well as in Shenzhen.
They're saying look the liquidity side
of things can continue for some time now
and they are focusing on those big mega
themes that we've been talking about AI
and the like. Um right now we're seeing
HS Tech is the biggest drag here. We're
down about 1% here. So what is the
biggest drag? It's the Babas, it's the
Bus here this morning as well. We're
watching uh some of the earnings that
are crossing through here today as well
particularly when it comes uh to Heidi
Lao. So there first there's an NDRC
meeting. Uh so there were companies that
did meet with the NDRC and they were
talking about fair competition. So how
to expand demand. So this whole
anti-involution theme seem to be making
way for some of these companies. Not a
whole lot of price movement on some of
these stocks as well. But then earnings
is still going to be a big driver too
today of some of the price action today.
Talk about Heidi Lawau. So there's a lot
of competition. Obviously you know
people are not really dining out as
much. Maybe that's also part of the
whole consumption story. And so a gross
margins were definitely taking a hit and
was a bit disappointed by the sell side.
Uh and really there's still a lot of
competition right so there you go 6%
down for Heidi Lao watching Lux share
position lens tech and Shenzhen Innovs
also did report as well Dave but you've
been talking about some of these
darlings uh in the market here right now
and yeah some of them you know of course
we talk about the tech space but there
are you know some names now that we are
kind of emerging right I think Cambercon
>> we got to add that to our vocabulary
now.
>> Yeah. Uh this is something for you
didn't know what the stock was doing
before, right? You didn't even know
about this company, right? Okay. So,
here's a quick intro in a moment. But
yeah, to Ivon's point, right? Suddenly,
we're looking at, you know, a stock a
name like Cambercon, for example, and
just into the close yesterday again,
14-day RSI, the 10 hottest stocks based
on momentum. You just go through the
list 92 on on one, and then you go
through the list. This is on the CSI 300
uh as of the close yesterday, right? to
chasing whether that's limit up or
simply this pivot back to I mean is is
this an Nvidia play if you think about
it or not an Nvidia play the opposite of
that u now closer look so how much is
the stock worth how much has it gone up
what's the what's the latest catalyst
and I think the Goldman call yesterday
which came out uh and I think their
price target for the stock change the
page please uh no not this one there's
another one uh this is Pindoo which came
out with earnings do we have that thank
you so much okay so um on your bingo
card last year
550% on this name over 12 months.
Goldman then raised the price target to
1,800. The consensus by the way
consensus among four including Goldman
is just north of a thousand. It's just
trading at a current P of 400. But if
you extrapolate earnings further that
goes down to 424 at the end of this year
and then goes even further if you look
12 months ahead from today to 292. So I
don't know is stock expensive or is this
still a momentum play? Anyway, you can
make that distinction.
>> Yeah, I mean they they basically lifted
it by 50%. Gleman uh just talking
overall just the R&D investment side of
things, the the back of rising capex
among some of these cloud providers in
China. So certainly that is still that
AI theme that is still uh happening
here. But yeah, as you mentioned, I
think you want me some of these star 50
ETFs, right? The premium on them
basically shot up.
>> Yeah. At a record yesterday because of
names like hammercon.
>> Yeah, I think 6.2% 2% was the premium uh
on that specific stock plus of course
the other thing like you know turnover
southbound I think we can get to that uh
later uh PDD of course which was a
company and market cap that I think at
one point I forget when it was that we
were comparing this to Alibaba what I
weren't we
>> at some point when when the whole tamu
sort of craze you know happened
certainly that was one thing people were
kind of fearing this was going to be a
weak set of earnings but they still did
okay right so the the US listed shares
with the ADRs they actually closed
higher after we did see better the
expected second quarter earnings. So
China wrapping up stimulus to try to
galvanize consumers. You also have you
know what's been going on with US
tariffs which you know certainly did hit
the company in some way. So Bloomer
Intelligence believes that early signs
suggest profitability may remain
resilient there. Let's bring in our
senior consumer and technology analyst
Katherine Lim. She joins us now. How
sustainable is this sort of
profitability at PDD when when you start
to see gross margins have fallen to
record lows Katherine?
Right. You know it is interesting that
repeatedly the company highlighted that
you know the trajectory for the
profitability and the margins there's a
lot of uncertainties to that and I think
it really comes back down to the
business model is evolving for PDD and
turmo um it's great that the company
actually beat for the first time in four
quarters on the earnings front but
really I think the expectations are just
so low Ivon and um you know right now I
think the trajectory right uh we'll have
to actually see how the company
progressed in um new markets and we've
actually seen some of the news flow
coming through that you know the latam
markets whether it's Mexico etc they're
trying to actually clam down on
dimminimist or lowv value items too so
lots going on outside of China and I
think you know that's the million-dollar
question we'll have to see how the
company deliver over the next few
quarters
>> well is is this uh is this deliberately
uh on the part of you know should
investors look at this as a deliberate
strategy long term
>> right um good question David really I
think the company is out to support the
Chinese suppliers that's actually
selling on its platform itself and um
there's this whole big push to actually
help these Chinese suppliers go overseas
um to you know create more businesses um
to you know draw in more customers so I
do think that you know the margins going
forward will not hit um historical highs
but rather it's now a question of what
is the new normal for PDD
um can you tell more about you know you
know by subsidizing suppliers there's
this kind of 100 billion remmbb
program I mean it seems that the company
is really shouldering some of these
higher logistics and fulfillment costs
as well does does this model risk
permanently compressing their margins
Right,
Ivon, you know what? You're going to
actually hear more from Mtoan and
Alibaba this week itself that they
themselves are throwing in the subsidies
and the support for merchants on their
platforms. And you know along with perks
for shoppers uh we're talking about both
um in China as well as overseas. So you
know this is not unique to PDD. Um again
you know there is a big push for
businesses and consumption to um for
that engine to continue in China. So I
do think that you know this is the um
effects of that.
>> Okay thank you so much Katherine Lim our
senior analyst over in Singapore for us
there. Uh we've alluded to this and it's
certainly one broader theme we'll track
today right flows between the two and
certainly the the proxies for what those
flows look like. to number one is
obviously turnover we've been obsessing
over that 3.3 yesterday uh net selling
over the stock connect yesterday ah
premium has dropped to about 25% and
this was the other one that Ivon is
pointing out earlier this the starboard
ETF premium because of the likes of some
of the a shares listed there are
actually now at a record of about 6.2%
to percent, right? So, how do you play
this market? Where do you make the
money? Eric Wong, CIO of Still Points
Investments, joins us here on set. Good
morning, sir. How are you?
>> Good. Thanks for having me.
>> So, what have you guys been busy with?
How what do you what is taking up most
of your mind space these days? Well,
we're certainly watching those
southbound flows that you mentioned, but
beyond that, uh, the consumer spending
shifts as well as what you mentioned
earlier about the AI spending, maybe not
around Cambercon, but some of the other
stocks that we're excited about continue
to keep us busy and very excited about
the opportunities.
>> Yeah. How do how do you still play that
if it's not Cambercon? What what is the
sort of play around AI now? Well, when
we think about it, the Chinese
hyperscalers like Bite Dance, Tencent,
Alibaba, they are unleashing a surge in
capex and much of that is going to AI
infrastructure like data centers. And so
what we're seeing is that this capex
broadly for the whole group is going to
go up more than 60% this year.
>> And at the same time, you have these
data center Chinese data center
operators like GDS, like V-Net that are
trading at 12 to 13 times EV to EBIDA.
I'm not talking about 4,000 times PE
ratios.
>> Oh, that helps actually. About 12 to 13
times EV to EBIDA. While their global
peers are trading at more than 20 times.
At the same time, these China Chinese
data center operators are actually
spinning out their domestic assets in
the Asshare REIT space at EV Ebida
multiples of 18 plus.
>> So when we think about the EBA growth
momentum and we think about the rerating
opportunity, we get very excited about
this space from a thematic perspective.
And you know, are gems like this, for
example, valuation gems still easy to
find in this market given how far it's
rally? Just help us understand where you
are.
>> Well, when we think about what the
market looked like in August of 2024,
right? These gems were lying around
everywhere. Now, they are still there.
We just have to look harder. And I think
it's much more of a stock pickers market
than a beta market at this point.
>> Okay. AI certainly one. You look at new
consumption. I mean, that's certainly
very hot as well. Um are there are there
places that are not crowded in this in
this whole kind of theme now?
>> Well, the answer is yes and no, right? I
mean, we as we've seen with new
consumption this year. Consumption
spending is relatively conservative.
It's subdued, but we're also seeing a
lot of spending shifting towards what we
call the happiness economy.
Collectibles, experiences,
self-expression, and you could say
stocks like PopMart, which are you could
argue that it's crowded, right? are
actually tapping into the zeitgeist of
this and able to deliver rapid rapid
growth that is much faster than general
consumption in China. Right? And and
these stocks they look to be expensive
but our view is that the growth from a
revenue and an earnings perspective more
than justifies that premium. So it's
really not about how much these
consumers are spending but where that
cash is going. Now you ask about whether
these are crowded or not. Yeah,
>> our view is that a name like PockMart is
very wellnown at this point, right? But
this type of spending in the consumer
space continues and it's thriving and
there are small stocks out there in the
H in the A space
>> that benefit from this rapid shift
towards the happiness economy
>> and what criteria would you use to
>> to make it happy?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Apart from making you happy
because there are lots of things that
make you happy that get you into
trouble. But you know let's let's look
at from a stock perspective, right? How
do I spot the next PopMart.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, we spend a lot of time observing
what's happening on social media, the
heat indexes around certain product
launches, and those often times give us
a lay of the land in terms of what might
be rising in terms of consumer interest
and what might be picking up in terms of
the heat index on social media. And so
those are ways that we try to sus out
some of these
>> like what can you give me example of
what's what's the next Laboo that
everyone's
>> Well, it's so interesting. Everyone's
talking about Laboo with PopMart, but if
you look at the domestic sales of
PopMart and how their IP is broken down
this year, actually the Monster series
to which Labu belongs is not the most
dominant IP.
>> It's actually Dimu,
>> right? And so even within the PopMart IP
portfolio, there are emerging ideas and
IP there that we think could be
potentially um the next big thing. And
you know we're not because these are by
virtue new consumption names if you
think about it new product categories
right how visible are we're not used to
trying to extrapolate these businesses
two three years down the road right
there it was concerned around how
visible are earnings for just popart as
an example
>> and how how do you separate this from
just being some sort of fad. Yeah,
>> our view is that to be totally honest,
many of these are fads. And how do we
separate out which ones are more
sustainable and which ones are just
one-time fads to the extent that a
business can actually build a platform
where they can use consumer feedback to
drive the next
>> exciting IP that becomes a flywheel that
can become more sustainable. And there
are some businesses in this space that
are able to do that and some that are
still trying to build it and some that
we believe probably are just a quick fad
and then
>> on to the next thing,
>> right? And you know the a lot of these
names have been looped into this general
category of affordable luxury
>> and I wonder as you look for these
stocks, do they need to not be in the
high price point categories
>> like Alpu Gold?
>> Like gold focuses a little bit on Yeah.
Well, I mean, uh, luxury itself is, uh,
probably not benefiting from the
consumption environment that we're
seeing, but specifically on LU, for
example, beyond just the fact that
you're buying a piece of jewelry for a
high price, you're able to buy gold,
which also has some storage value, and
at the same time, you might be trading
down from a European luxury brand to buy
LU.
>> So, it's all relative in terms of how
people look at these price points. It's
a haven play and a luxury
>> and if someone breaks up with you right
that's the downgrade right you know I'm
downgrading you from just to me I'm you
know this is it used to be bulgary but
now here
>> but I would argue it's also aspiring for
some that weren't buying it before
>> that's correct yeah I'm just using your
trading both ways I was looking there's
an overlap between people that buy into
LVs and and you know the rushons of the
world with Laoo gold that sort of ven
diagram is getting bigger and bigger now
>> interesting but interesting um I want to
Ask one more question. Precision
manufacturing. Yes, that's also a theme
you're watching out for a while.
>> Yes. Well, on the face of it, tariffs
are actually headwinds.
>> But there are a small group of companies
that are actually making these tariffs
their tailwinds,
>> right? On from a logical perspective,
these tariffs are actually placing
pressure on manufacturers in China. But
there are some companies that are
actually poised to benefit and take
advantage of these geopolitical tensions
because they're actually helping the US
expand their manufacturing capacity. And
despite this advantage that they have,
many of these stocks are still trading
at singledigit P multiples and near
double-digit free cash flow yields. So
this gap between market perception and
business reality for this small group of
companies
>> is very exciting for us.
>> Uh final question for you. I think your
fund is up 36%. Your year to date, just
fair disclosure, you own most of these
themes that you just talked about
>> in our portfolio. These themes are quite
present and continue to be excited about
them.
>> Fantastic. Thank you.
>> Yeah,
>> thank you for coming in.
>> Great to have you, Eric Juan there, CIO
of Stillpoint Investments. Coming up,
Shanghai relaxes housing curves with
media reports saying Shenzhen may be
next. We have details on those moves
just ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
watching some of these property names.
They were pretty haha hot yesterday on
the back of this news of Shanghai easing
home buying rules. We've come off that a
little bit here today. So, the likes of
Shimo property is down some 5%. So,
let's get more on of course uh what
could be next, right? Local reports are
saying maybe the southern tech hub of
Shenzhen could follow suit with more
easing of curbs. Let's cross over to
Beijing and our China correspondent Min
Lo. Uh Shanghai, they're talking about
now eligible residents can purchase
unlimited homes in sub urban areas. How
new is this?
Yes, I wouldn't say that it's very new
because among all the first tier cities,
Guangjo was the first to loosen all
purchasing restrictions, meaning you can
buy unlimited homes throughout the whole
city. But then since then, we had seen
Beijing started to loosen restrictions
in August. Now, Shanghai is following
suit. What Shanghai is doing is to allow
eligible residents to buy unlimited
homes in the suburban areas. In the
urban areas, eligible residents,
including those that have paid pension
for at least three years, they can buy
new homes now, not just uh secondhand
homes. So, this would go some way to
destock the excess excess housing
inventory in Shanghai because an
estimated 80% of their unsold homes are
in the suburban suburban areas. Uh so,
uh Shenzhen might be the last to follow
among the first tier cities. We had also
seen some second tier cities already
loosening these purchase restrictions as
well.
Yeah. Amendment. On top on top of this,
there's also some more measures to
support things like taking out a
mortgage or dealing with a tax burden of
uh of purchasing big property. Walk us
through what the latest is here.
>> Yeah. What I would say is unique to
Shanghai that Beijing hasn't done is
that it is explicitly removing the
differences between uh the mortgage
rates for first and secondhand homes. So
last year we did see the PBOC removing
the distinction for down payment ratios
for first and second homes. But this
time Shanghai is removing the
differences for the mortgage rates. Uh
and on top of that they are also now
allowing the use of these housing provid
funds. Uh people can now tap into that
to pay for their down payment ratio uh
down payments for their house. Uh so the
housing provident fund is something that
people pay into that can help them uh
support their home purchases. But in the
past there had been a lot of
restrictions, right? you can't tap into
it for the down payment ratio. There are
restrictions based on how much you
contribute to it, based on your marital
status as well. But this time uh
Shanghai is also increasing the quota of
those funds uh by 15%. You can in you
can use those funds to pay for your h uh
your housing and that fund offers lower
interest rates compared to a regular
mortgage you take out from the bank.
Generally about 40 45 basis point uh
basis points lower. So uh nationally we
are already seeing a lot of places also
loosening restrictions. So more people
are using that fund to buy their homes
instead of taking out mortgages. So
again Shanghai is doing this. We are
starting to see the securities time
securities time reporting that other
localities like Sujo are also looking
into it as well. And generally there is
anticipation that given what Shanghai is
doing. Uh it's also loosening um the
property tax rules. For example, your
first home will be exempted from taxes.
Your second home as well up to a certain
60 square meters or so will be exempted
from taxes. Given all of that, we might
see other cities continue to follow suit
as well.
>> Minman, thank you so much. Minman Lo,
our China correspondent there at the
capital in Beijing for us. Uh looking at
markets, bulls are taking a break and so
will we, but we'll be back and hopefully
they will too. This is Mumbai.
[Music]
Okay. Uh just a look at markets right
now. We're looking at rare earths. I
mean the news flow does suggest
perhaps or does give a reason behind the
declines but then again you have to also
consider the move up in markets with
even without the news alone maybe this
is what we would have gotten anyway as
far as rarers are concerned. Just
speaking of that as well, one stock one
group that's moving against the grain
today is really the gaming gaming stocks
here and as you can see with the
exception of 10-centent which is by the
way doing well relatively speaking to to
the rest of the market gaming approval
signaling uh decent support there Lisa
Cook the conversation there dollar this
plumber.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300. A half hour into
the session and yeah, we are taking a
bit of a breather in this rally here
today. We are slightly to the downside
about a third of 1%. So, uh, it's
marginally lower here. The rest of the
market has obviously been dealing with a
lot of news externally, whether it's
President Trump has moved to fire Lisa
Cook. The Fed governor also threatening
more tariffs, the like. So, certainly
things are picking up again when it
comes to news.
>> Yeah, suddenly we needed to throw our
rundown out, most of it at least going
into the open today. Uh what has
remained consistent though is we're
still tracking what was a rally and has
now been a a cooling of a a broader
pullback across um risk assets. Right
now on the CSI 300 as you can see on
your screens we're down 410 to 1%. I'm
just looking at turnover very quickly
here just to give you a sense of how um
heavy things are in the first 30 minutes
of trade. And guess what we're again
here we go we're dealing nearing 900
billion remn uh in turnover. 3.3
trillion was the full day figure
yesterday. So again, very very busy
trading so far. Uh the big names on your
screens coming up shortly are some of
the big names that we have been tracking
going into uh going into the session
today and certainly just goes to show
like the the massive uh the massive
rally we've seen in many of these names.
Camberon Tech is really one stock that
we've been tracking only very recently.
I can guarantee many of you have not
heard about the stock up until this
week. Uh we're up we're down 4% on the
stock itself. Huahung semi unchanged
fango limit up I believe yesterday if
not close to that. We're down about 3%
as far as a shares go. Right. The
broader read across
uh the Fed conversation with Trump
Donald Trump moving to fire uh Lisa
Cook. S&P futures are down. Maybe not
because purely of that. There's also the
tariff story to tell you about. But I
can certainly tell you the dollar and
rates have been really more a function
of that story with the dollar weaker and
as you can see the the twos and tens
curve right now at the steepest going
back I believe four months at 59 basis
points above zero.
>> All right. Uh certainly that's a lot to
talk about here and unpack, right?
Because obviously we have to talk about,
you know, whether there was cause in in
all of this, of course, to this move to
fire Lisa Cook, but also uh what does
this mean for when it comes to the the
dynamics within this FOMC board now
where, you know, if Trump succeeds,
we're talking about four governors
potentially that are going to be
aligning with his view. Whether it's
going to be a question of Fed
independence, that's still kind of up in
the air, right?
>> Yeah. And well, the economy also kind of
needs to cooperate. I I guess with with
any stronger case to cut, right? So, uh
there's a really good quote right now in
the Bloomberg story that talks about now
the dust has settled from from Jackson
Hole.
>> If you think about it, nothing really
has changed because the Fed will still
be dependent on these two upcoming
reports, at least two, right? So, is
there a hot enough number on the jobs
report that makes them change their
mind?
>> Yeah. as far as the Fed cut is concerned
or you push it back to October, right?
>> Yeah. Um let's talk a little more about
that. Let's bring in our Mline
strategist Mark Cranfield. He joins us
now. Um so we we've seen a barrage of
news, Mark. Really everything from, you
know, tariffs reemerging and the threat
of that once again to the removal of
Lisa Cook uh with by the president. Tell
us what you think is really going on
right now across these sort of markets.
I think what you're seeing is that that
traders are needing to price an even
bigger risk premium for the US assets
which they feel will be most impacted by
moves by President Trump or by the White
House, the US administration in general.
So the US dollar, the Treasury yield
curve are certainly the ones that will
be in the forefront of any action in
that respect. So there was already some
concern that the frequency of of
talking by outside voices to try and
influence the Federal Reserve to lower
interest rates that was becoming more
prominent already. Now they've gone even
a step further. They're trying to oust a
Fed governor and investors are probably
thinking to themselves where will this
end? Where do we go? How many Fed
governors are are in line here at risk?
And what does it mean for for policy? So
all of those things undermine confidence
in the independence of the central bank.
I'm sure you've been discussing that a
lot already. But you need to reflect
that in some price action. So the prices
the places where assets most at risk the
US dollar in general especially against
G10 currencies you would expect to see
the dollar underperform there. And then
probably against places where people
take more care about their currency such
as China. they're they're doing a very
good job of stabilizing and making the
the yan relatively strong. So that would
be an outperformer on the other side,
then there needs to be a discount for
the long end of the US Treasury curve
because the more you try to influence US
policy in the short term when the data
may not support lowering interest rates
immediately that was Jerome Pal sounded
doubbish but it was very nuanced. He was
still saying that he's data dependent to
a large degree. Well, if you try and
enforce lower interest rates before the
data really justifies it, that will be
taken out in the long end of the curve,
you'll get an even steeper curve than
we're seeing at the moment. So, those
are the places where traders are are
building in the risk of more things
going wrong in terms of the US assets.
Then they've got the stock market, which
is a slightly different beast. You got
to worry about Nvidia and earnings and
those kind of things. But you put it all
together and investors clearly are going
to start to weigh things up and say, do
we want as much money in the US or
should we start moving it to Europe, to
Asia, to places where, let's say, policy
is a bit more transparent than it might
be in the US.
>> Okay. Well, well, Mark, let's put those
two all those things together, right? on
on Fed pricing. Right now, I'm looking
at a let's call it 80 85% probability on
Fed fund futures. Similar odds when you
look at swaps of of a cut in September.
Now, you know, you could make the
argument that if they don't move in
September, they'll simply move at the
next meeting. But Mark, just tell me
this. Has anything changed though with
the with the I wouldn't say full
consensus, but the the majority view
there that the dollar will continue to
still weaken from here?
It's pretty hard to see a convincing
case for a rebound in the US dollar when
you just had at the weekend Jerome
Jerome P. It's going to be very hard to
walk back the comments from Jerome Pal.
He pretty much set up a September
interest rate cut. The the there will be
some disconnect among Fed speakers, but
in general, he's got time to try and
persuade them that yes, they need this
cut to to give them some breathing
space. So September is pretty much a
done deal. That undermines the US dollar
already. Then you've got, if you think
of the the spending increase in Europe,
the fact that Japan is still heading
towards an interest rate hike. BOJ
Governor Ueeda reinforced the the moves
over the weekend when he was in Jackson
Hole. It wasn't an outright hawkish
speech, but he certainly null nudging
sentiment in the direction to say that
the Bank of Japan is getting closer to
the next hike probably in October. that
will support the yen and steepen the
yield curve in Japan as well. So those
things are all working. Plus, you've got
Asian currencies are are getting more
support because of the money flows into
relatively undervalued markets here in
Asia. So it's very hard to make a case
for the US dollar to make a serious
rebound in the near term at least and
that probably takes us through pretty
much close to the end of the year.
>> Okay, Mark, thank you so much. Mark
Cranfield out of our M live team in
Singapore for us. Let's get more
insights really on not just what this
means for Fed policy, what this means
for the lineup of Fed governors, what
this means for the p of the dollar. Is
there a case actually for a cut in
September? Billy is with us right now.
Milkin Institute chief economist and
executive director uh is is with us
right now. Bill, good morning from the
Asia Pacific. Thank you so much. And I
know we dragged you into the show very
last minute, so appreciate the time,
sir. Um, you were formerly at the Fed.
What do you think's going on as far as
Fed staffers are concerned now?
>> Well, the surprising part of the story
is that Lisa Cook herself didn't resign.
Uh, the history of the Fed staff and all
the governors and presidents who served
at the Fed Reserve as uh on the FOMC
have always been held to a very high
standard. Um, we're all told you cannot
do anything that would even look or
smell of something wrong regardless of
whether it is wrong or not. Uh we have
examples for example with Rich Clara the
former vice chair of the Fed who
resigned because he was doing some
portfolio adjustments that were
pre-programmed that is you know he had
already told everybody he was going to
do it um and and apparently the
disclosure wasn't complete that he
omitted one or two transactions and that
was enough to cause some sense of
uncertainty about whether he was uh
doing something wrong and he voluntarily
resigned. Robert Kaplan also has some
stock transactions that he didn't fully
disclose. And there again, he resigned.
There's nothing wrong with anything
these guys did. Um, but nevertheless,
anything that bismerches or potentially
bismerches the reputation of the Federal
Reserve and its integrity of the staff
is something that the staff takes very
seriously. And they all tend to fall on
the knife rather than to uh cause any
kind of uh harm to the Fed's reputation.
and Eric Rosenrin, the Boston Fed
president, also had some real estate
transactions that supposedly were behind
his retirement. So, there are lots of
examples of very high-profile
individuals that themselves took upon
themselves to resign uh rather than to
bring any hint of scandal to the Fed.
>> Sure, Bill, but what what's the
intention with what the president is
doing? Do you think that it's in some
ways Trump trying to control the Fed?
And it seems like those concerns are are
really kind of bubbling up now.
Well, I think the president fed the
President Trump has always been um
concerned that the Federal Reserve just
is not lowering interest rates quickly
enough. Um although, you know, he also
probably knows that it's the long-term
rates that matter and the deficit has
more of an influence on the long-term
rates than the Fed does. Uh but
nevertheless, uh the general atmosphere
of lowering rates is something that he
wanted to put in place and the FOMC
wanted to put in place. The issue is
timing. Um but right now uh with all of
uh the commotions of uh Cher Pal being
too late uh well he chair Pal already
put that aside by saying we're ready to
move. Uh so there's really no reason for
President Trump to just fire Lisa Cook
just to get his way uh by appointing
more members of the FOMC that are more
dovish than hawkish. So, I think this
particular case of Lisa Cook really
surrounds the integrity at of the uh
Fed's uh staff reputation uh and and the
Fed governor's being above, you know,
squeakier clean than clean uh kind of
kind of uh atmosphere that uh that he
apparently wants to maintain.
>> Right. So, Bill, let's let's let's let's
follow that specific sort of thought,
you know, thought exercise. Now, do you
think there is a case uh to cut not just
once by the way to cut excessive times?
>> Oh, David, I mean, I've been saying that
we could easily go 50 basis points uh
last uh at the last meeting. Um and and
the the Fed's new operating procedures,
right, for the next five years, the new
policy framework, uh they were very
clear to say that um inflation
expectations are the most important
thing to maintain and to anchor uh and
and we will let uh inflation uh uh as
reported go up say because of tariffs uh
or we can let the unemployment rate go
up because we recognize that
circumstances change what is normally
considered the equilibrium level of
unemployment. uh the natural rate has
always been like between four and four
and a half%. But Cher Paul said because
of the changes in immigration laws and
the changes in the productivity of labor
and the demand for labor uh the demand
and supply are highly uncertain right
now. So he's looking at a whole bunch of
indicators and that's what's going to
make Fed watchers a very hard job going
into the future because the new policy
framework gives the Fed a lot of
flexibility. They got rid of the the the
inflation the average inflation
targeting regime which is you know we'll
keep things higher than uh than average.
If things are below average they were
above average you have to keep things
lower. That's kind of a wishy-washy kind
of way which always was doomed to
failure. Uh now they're much more
specific. They say look we have full
employment and price stability and we're
going to get there. Um and and and we're
going to do whatever it takes to get
there.
On inflation though, what we heard from
Jay Powell at Jackson Hole was that it
might be sort of it's not all at once,
right? Because given what we've been
seeing with tariffs and the like that
this looks like to be something that is
very slow moving, but maybe more
persistent. Does does that in any way
change how they look at whether or not
to cut interest rates or not? Because
right now it seems like we're not seeing
the data, but it could be something that
comes in waves. the the key is to keep
an eye on those inflation expectations
and not just surveys but the one the
break evens as measured in in the
financial markets. uh if those start to
rise then that that will cause concern
but even if we have waves of tariff
related price increases chair Paulo has
made the brave move of saying once again
I think those are going to be transitory
and and and we're willing to move policy
in advance of what we see developing
with tariffs because we're concerned
about the labor market weakening even
though the unemployment rate itself
isn't moving. So, so that's the the the
an example of the new framework at work
uh that gives the chair and the FOMC
more flexibility to make the right
decision even if the indicate the
traditional indicators are not all
there. Um so so I think even though as
you say that tariff price increases will
take a while to kick in he's abs you
know he's convinced enough that um it'll
it will not lead to a a dislodging of
inflation expectations and that again is
you can get a daily reading of that or
an hourly reading of that by looking at
the uh the break evens in the treasury
market or or the swaps or however you
want to calculate that.
>> Bill, do you think Jay Powell's job is
safer now?
I I think there's it's unlikely that
he'll be firing uh Powell because
there's really no cause and now there's
no reason because Powell already said
we're ready we're ready to move. Uh and
and if the next set of data on inflation
are really hotter than what people
expect, then it'll be 25 basis points.
If it's if it's cooler and we have some
weak payroll numbers, it may well be a
50 basis point cut, which I would vote
for if I run an FC.
Right, Bill? One last question for you,
sir. If the jobs number comes in, not
extremely hot, but sol a solid jobs
report. Do you think there's a there's a
case for the Fed to hold? And do you
think if the Fed holds that in some way
underscores their their independence?
I I I think the one thing that we've
learned now is you don't let any one
data point push you around. You cannot
make a decision based on one data point.
Based on the data we have so far and the
likely number that comes in uh uh uh at
the end uh at the beginning of the
month, uh the Fed will move uh so so I
think the and and given the the the the
lack of certainty and data revisions
associated with payrolls, no one number
is going to be decisive. Um and and if
it was incredibly hot like 150,000
200,000 I I would tend to dismiss that
more than anything else. If it was
20,000 or negative 20,000 I would tend
to dismiss that too because again the
quality of the data are so poor. I
cannot and the federal office will never
make a decision based on any one data
point.
>> Bill, thank you Billy. There Milin
Institute's chief economist and
executive director joining us from
Henderson, Nevada. There coming up,
Fordscq CEO Dino Atronto joins us after
their fullear profit narrows as China's
property slowdown hits iron ore demand
and prices. We got the outlook coming up
next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we are looking at forc shares
here this morning. Today we're down
about 1 and a half%. The world's fourth
largest iron ore miner says its fullear
profit fell 41% due to lower prices as
demand from China plateaus. Revenue and
final dividend were also down compared
to last year. Uh and right now joining
us is the Forscq CEO Dino Atranto from
Perth. Dino, it's great to have you.
Thanks so much for the time. Obviously
it's been a challenging year whether it
is scaling down your green hydrogen
business into you know obviously the
being hit by the the lower prices of
iron ore. tell us what stood out to you.
>> Yeah, look, as you've called out, we
have been impacted by a uh a a downside
in the iron ore price on the full year.
However, our underlining uh results that
we announced today were exceptionally
strong um meeting guidance at the top
end on both safety, production, and
costs. Um and at a price point of around
$100, it's a really good price for us as
a business. Um, we also announced a
dividend of 65% right in the middle of
our range and we understand how
important the stability and certainty of
that dividend is and that really
underpins a lot of the decisions we're
taking on our growth option portfolio.
>> Dino, you mentioned the magic number
there which is 100 on the price and I
wonder given I'm not sure how the best
way to describe it but some would call
it weakness in in the market. Why do you
think prices have remained fairly stable
at a fairly elevated level?
>> Yeah, look, I mean, I I heard the term
weakness around the market um in China
and I' I've heard it for a number of
years now. I I've I frequently visit
China. I'm heading there this evening
again and and every time I'm I'm just in
awe of the development that continues to
go uh really unwavered. Um what we're
also seeing is a a much more diversified
and mature sector really growing out of
uh what drove iron or demand which was
the property sector. You're seeing that
somewhat plateau now. Um and it's being
more than replaced by automotives.
You're seeing the EV penetration in
China just phenomenal rates. And most
recently the announcement of the mega
dam project on the uh inner west of of
China. Three times the size of the three
gorgees project which we thought was the
biggest project we'd ever see. Three
times will will will spur growth over
the next 10 to 20 years for for
commodities
>> right
>> like ours. And I think that that really
is the story around the price support uh
uh that we're seeing in
>> Dino I have to ask you then. Are you
seeing I know it's very early because
that's a multi-year project if not more
than a decade but are you already seeing
a pickup in interest in your product
because of that specific project. What
are you seeing specifically if any?
>> Look I think it just talks to the
general sentiment of the market and uh I
think when you get outside of China
there are there are more doom and glue
commentators around the iron or market.
When you get into China we're still
seeing our product suites uh flow.
They're very liquid. they're enjoyed by
our customers. Uh most recently we we
had a roundt hosted by our prime
minister in Australia and a head of
state premier Lee in China with mills
and iron ore producers discussing about
uh discussing the current business but
also the future business around greening
the supply chain which was very very
encouraging and and that's where mega
projects like this enter into enter the
arena.
So, so Dina, are you confident then that
Beijing has the right policy settings
and tools in place to really kind of
boost demand in China?
>> Well, for me, it's not only future uh
directed policy and regulation. But what
we're seeing on the ground now, last
year alone, 1 trillion US dollars of
investment in uh the energy transition,
that's more than 400 gaw solar, wind,
battery, electrical infrastructure. All
of that requires a lot of steel and uh I
can see that continuing now for the next
10 or 20 years as China commits and
really doubles down on its peak carbon
emissions. Many would say that it's
already reached reached peak carbon
emissions and the downward trajectory
over the next really generation that uh
that we um certainly encourage by the
supply uh into that process for for iron
ore and some of the other businesses
that we're we're involved with.
>> Yeah, Dino, I'm glad you underscore that
because from a demand perspective that's
really not as appreciated in the market.
So, thank you for doing that. They've
also been tinkering with supply, you
know, the this whole anti-involution
campaign. We talk about it a lot here in
shows and the consumer perspective, but
you know, the steel mills for example. I
wonder, you know, what you're hearing
from your contacts uh in mainland China
as far as steel capacity is concerned
and what's your outlook there?
>> Yeah, certainly a new word I've had to
add to the vocabulary, anti-involution.
Finally understand what it really means.
But uh for us you know from the demand
side of the steel mills you are seeing
some some structural reform which is
largely expected as the blast furnace
enter now into the retirement phase and
being replaced by electric arc furnace.
Also a uh a a vision around China around
moving some of those higher emitting uh
polluters outside the country or further
away from the mega cities of Shanghai
and Beijing. On the supply side, uh I've
always maintained the view that uh iron
ore mines will will get lower and lower
in grade and smaller and smaller in
sizes. So big projects like Simonu, our
own project in Gabon um become more
replacement in nature than adding more
supply side pressure. So we we believe
that the market is is quite well poised
for largely a sustained price support
model over the next 5 to 10 years. And
that like I said that's a great price
point for a company like ours.
>> And do you know it seems like in the
mining industry there's there's a
there's a very big high capex
environment right now. We've seen that
with your peers like BHP like Rio.
They're spending when it comes to for
growth. uh you know Forscq has been
spending but a lot of it has to do with
your decarbonization plans. I'm just
wondering how much focus are you putting
onto growth now?
>> Yeah, look for our organization it's
always been about growth. Um certainly
uh the last 5 years we've uh we've
doubled down on on many different growth
options really suited to the re the
energy transition around the world. We
have extensive list of exploration
options in copper. Um also on the energy
generation side as you rightly point out
our investment has been focused here in
Australia to decarbonize our terrestrial
operations real zero by 2030 to be the
first industrial leader in that space.
And we're doing it because we believe
it's economic. Um and the market is
certainly starting to indicate to us
that they are demanding a lower carbon
uh footprint product uh again as
evidenced by the decarbonization roundt
we had in Shanghai uh with steel mills
and uh iron ore producers.
>> Uh there's been some I guess reports of
people talking about some of the
projects and delays with Belinga this
project that you have in Africa. Can you
give us an update on how things are
going there?
>> Yeah, so certainly our project in
Belingua is not delayed whatsoever.
We're we're most of the way now through
a three-year study commitment that we
had with the government there. Uh that
consists of exploration and really
defining how big this or body is and in
parallel looking at the feasibility
study of a rail and a port option uh in
that part of the world. So absolutely
not delayed. It's it's on track meeting
all our commitments and we're getting
increasingly excited uh about about the
propo the potential of of Mount Belinga.
Maybe you talk to some of the public
commitment public uh announcements we've
made around Arizona and uh in Gladston.
>> Uh what I'll add some color on there is
with we really haven't changed our
strategy around energy at all. What we
we have acknowledged though we went a
bit early on the electrolyer
manufacturing ability and we've seen
that um really being taken over in a
good way by China driving the cost of
electrolyers down. Uh the environment in
the US at the moment as as your your
program is is is rightfully calling out
isn't really conducive for that
investment into green energy. So we're
pausing that project. It still remains
an option for us in addition to many
other options that we've created and
cultivated over the years. And as those
economic conditions in terms of the
pricing profile, capex, uh government uh
uh support in some of those countries
come along, we'll pull the trigger.
>> Okay. So, suffice to say it's shelled
for now, but not completely.
>> I think those two projects absolutely.
We're doubling down on decarbonization.
our green metals, green hydrogen project
here in Western Australia is going full
steam ahead. Um, so I I think those two
in particular are on hold and we'll pull
the trigger as soon as the economic
conditions prevail.
>> Thank you for clarifying that. Dino,
final question for you, sir. You you
mentioned you're headed to China later
today. I think if I'm not mistaken, you
guys were in China a few weeks back and
secured this loan from Chinese banks.
I'm curious, is that a deliberate move
to diversify your funding sources away
from say the US debt market? Uh what was
the rational behind that?
>> Look, it's it's it's actually surprised
me we haven't done it earlier to be
honest. Um as most of our product goes
into China, we have an R&B trading
facility now. Um, so it was really just
a matter of time before the banks of
China and and our balance sheet were in
a position to accommodate such a
structure and uh I think it's been
called out as somewhat novel. It's been
on the cards for some time for us and uh
the amount of interest we're getting
from some of our competitors mean it's
the right thing.
>> Yeah. Not not to mention to your point
that borrowing costs that side of the
world are probably on the lower side
compared to uh elsewhere. So Dina, do I
take it then that you're open to more
funding coming through from Chinese
sources?
>> Yeah, look, we we look at a diversified
mix of lenders and financing options on
our balance sheet. Um we are always open
to to land a 2% um off the the the
standard rate globally was a phenomenal
result for for the team.
>> All right, Dino, we're going to leave it
there, but thank you so much for the
time. Dino Tanto there, CEO at Fortiscu
joining us live from Perth here this
morning. Uh we got some breaking news
when it comes to Danara. Of course, this
is the newly established sovereign
wealth fund in Indonesia. So it it looks
like they are sounding out investors on
a plan to raise about 50 trillion rupia.
That's about 3.1 billion US in bonds
from these so-called patriot bonds. And
the yields that they're pointing to
people familiar with the matter are
below market. So they're issuing or
seeking to issue five to sevenyear parts
uh at 25 trillion rupia each starting on
October 1st and that could carry a 2%
coupon according to our sources there.
So, uh, that is going to be the latest
there. We'll get you more details coming
through once we have more. Uh, back to
our top story now. President Trump is
moving to remove Fed's Lisa Cook, but
Blurry Intelligence thinks she is likely
to challenge her removal. Now, this is
interesting. This is from a litigation
team, right? So, uh, what they're saying
that there could be some kind of legal
challenges moving forward, right? So,
this is their thesis. The path for Trump
to control the Federal Open Market
Committee is not easy. The Federal
Reserve Act requires cause to ou Fed
governors and determining if that
standard was met likely requires lengthy
litigation with an uncertain outcome.
Though a Trump win could influence the
FOMC's makeup as the FRB must approve in
February 2026 the reappointment of
reserve bank presidents who rotate onto
the committee. We doubt a Cook suit
would be resolved by then.
Yeah, but it also go so so this is the
initial reaction coming through from
Sylvanas pointing out Bloomberg
intelligence uh litigation team of
course the the spin I guess which I
think Billy from Milkin mentioned
earlier on that you know there is a case
anyway to cut interest rates right so
what surprised him is really more that
she didn't resign by herself because of
the that you need an unblenmished
reputation
>> yeah squeaky ke reput squeaky clean
reputation as as he says. Um so yeah,
certainly that's one thing to watch,
right, of how long this kind of
>> uh whether she you know there's
investigation and all that moving
forward. So maybe they're saying that
path
>> and whether she'll challenge it
>> for the Fed to I guess take control they
say of the FMC could be not uh that as
easy as it sounds. Uh we're checking
markets here right now and of course uh
we've been seeing a bit of a pullback on
the Lisa Cook news. Certainly that's one
thing. Uh President Trump also
threatening more tariffs on when it
comes to curbs on chips and the like
here. Uh Japan is looking like this as
we head into that lunch break here right
now and we are seeing shares down about
1% on the nick as well. There has been
some rush into the havens like the yen
are at 147 levels this morning.
>> Yeah. Um I mean there's a really not a
lot of reason to take on risk today and
certainly we thought the window was
opened and we didn't know for how long
it was going to be open for uh following
Jackson Hole. Certainly the case today
is again news flow is back out of Donald
Trump and volatility is back as far as
that's concerned. So 610 cents to 1% and
separately and perhaps now more related
to the story right now. S&P futures are
down. The dollar is certainly uh
catching an offer right now and the
Bloomberg Asia dollar index is also
coming off a little bit as well. It's
also good to mention that Nissan was a
big drag in the morning session over in
Tokyo. I think we were down about 6%
last we checked if not if not more.
Right now, speaking of, we're looking at
these Chinese markets, right? So, I
mean, name your superlative or name your
favorite overheating indicator and you
probably ticked that box yesterday. Uh,
going into the onore markets, I am just
as you look at this and you got to bear
with me here. I'm just going to look at
turnover about an hour into the session
here on shore. So, we're down about
four, let's call it half of 1% on the
tech gauge. Shanghai comp is off a
third. CSI is off about 610 to 1%. I'm
going to call on my producers if they
could uh if you guys could pull over the
I want to see what Cambercon is doing
along with the other big movers like
Huah Hong and Vancou which were the main
drags there and while they're doing that
an update here right now the turnover
>> 1.2
>> 1.2 too. Okay, so we did cross the
trillion remmbb mark. So I wonder what
the financials are going to look like
when they report earnings. There's
certainly a lot of flow
coming through, right? So here's one
stock you probably didn't hear about up
until recently for
>> even for us, right, that we have to
actually check this stock
>> uh pretty much daily now, Cambercon,
right? So these are some of the chip
makers in China and this is one of the
ones that has become a favorite among
investors here when whether you are
buying the whole AI sort of theme,
right? I think Goldman was the latest.
So could raise that price target by 50%.
>> 1,800
>> 1800 a pop. Yeah. Well, it's only
trading at 4,500 PE now. So that's
current. If you extrapolate it down 12
months, that goes down to 290, I
believe. So more palatable. There we go.
But this has been really a momentum play
more than a valuation one uh more than
anything. Okay, let's get a sense of
where we are right now and how we're
looking at coverage around this Chinese
market. Joining us here on set is Genie,
our Asia stocks reporter. for more on
the story here. Yeah. So, how are you
guys looking at this rally? It's it's
been hard to catch up.
>> It's really hard to catch up and we do
wonder where are where we where we are
in this cycle. You know, we keep asking
people where we are in this cycle. Are
we going to see another record for
Hansen, you know. Um but so far I think
the sentiment we're hearing is that you
know a lot of people they're telling us
you know with so much liquidity sitting
at the Chinese banks by the um retail
retail investors in mainland China you
know there could be another leg up you
know um driven by those retail monies in
in the Asia market in particular so
we're talking about six to seven
trillion excess liquidity at Chinese
banks and we We're starting here to hear
those um recommendations from
strategists uh again like we did back in
2015, you know, when they're saying, you
know, um those money could be switched
from those Chinese banks to the equity
market at some point as the rally goes
on. So um yes indeed we're we're seeing
a lot of signals suggesting you know um
the market could be getting overheat you
know um some trades are getting crowded
but still you know people are still
betting on um extra liquidity boost um
into the market. Um and then the second
thing is um the earning season is not
bad so far. So um yeah if you look at
for example if you look at look at some
heavyweight earnings um it's it's it's
not too bad. So um it it kind of give us
people um you know um um theories about
you know some fundamental improvement in
terms of corporate margin and also with
the anti-volution you know um pledges by
the by the by the government you know
there could be less concerns about the
deflationary risks in in in China if
they really want to curb the prices and
boost the consumption. Um so yeah so
adding that up I I feel like the
sentiment like the momentum is still
there. So um we're not seeing you know
much like downside risk emerging in the
near term.
>> You you're watching child Thai folk in
particular the stock uh it has become
one of the city's most shorted stocks.
Can you tell us what's going on there?
Oh yes. Um I think shorts have been um
rising um against a lot of you know um
hot stocks so far this year for so for
Chaiu I think it share price has more
than doubled and it has conducted its
first ever fundraising activities by
issuing the uh a big amount of
convertible bond in June this year. So I
think a lot of delta hatching is going
on and um the company has already
pledged you know to buy back their
shares um you know kind of to offset
offset the pressure of convertible bond
issuance but the problem is with the
shares keep rallying. So if if you are
holding a delta um delta neutral
portfolio with the shares rallying you
you you have to short short even more
stocks. So that means like investor they
have to they have to go to the market
and borrow more stocks to sell to
maintain their positions. So that's what
we're seeing right now at at this moment
like making sure to have one of the most
shorted stock in the market.
>> All right Genie thank you Genie you
there Asia stocks reporter. Uh let's
talk a bit more about the M&A space
here. So this was some news right
particularly when it comes to the Pino
family has reached out to potential
buyers for Puma after the sportsware
maker lost half its value over the past
year. here. Now, sources say biders do
include the likes of China's Ant Sports
and Lean Ning along with US firms and
Middle Eastern funds. Now, Puma shares
closed up 15% in Frankfurt, their
biggest gain in more than two decades.
I'm checking to see if Ant and them are
actually moving as well, but certainly
it's a very interesting sort of story.
Uh there has been, you know, more in the
deal space really. A new report from PWC
has found that China's M&A deals in the
first half surged some 45% in the first
half of this year and really has been
led by strategic domestic investments.
Let's bring in uh someone that has been
looking into this Thomas Crafty PWC Hong
Kong M&A advisory partner. He joins us
here in our studios. It's great to have
you Thomas. Tell them what's really
driving this surge.
>> Yeah, so as you pointed out right,
domestic strategic M&A is really kind of
the backbone of this 45% increase. we
saw strategic M&A within the China
market um grow twofold, right? It went
from 50.7 billion to 100.7 billion over
the first half of 2025 versus the same
period last year. But I think what's
really interesting is to actually think
about like what's driving that change,
right? If we look at the last couple of
years, fundamentally what's been the
major blocker of getting deals executed
has been the valuation gap between
buyers and sellers. If we look at what's
driving this change at the moment, the
rising valuations we're seeing amongst
the share prices across the Hong Kong
stock exchange, across the China A
shares, the rising capital market
activity, particularly we're seeing here
uh in Hong Kong. We're seeing that
really act as a catalyst to bridge that
gap in valuations and really cultivate
deals being done. I think that's really
the fundamental change that we're seeing
uh which is driving the the M&A activity
we're seeing in China at the moment.
>> Yeah. finally a matching a closer of
that bid ask spread finally the the
piping's been fixed
>> indeed
>> what about the financing parts has that
you know how has that also evolved
alongside of course better better
matching of prices right now
>> yeah I mean look we're still seeing the
private equity landscape as as being
tough right it's no surprise that
there's a massive uh pentup demand of
M&A activity with private equity sitting
on large um you know value of portfolios
which need to come to market right I
think a really interesting data point
that we're starting to sees that the
number of PE exits in the first half of
2025 is starting to rise again and our
predictions are that the annualized
number is going to be up to the highs
that we saw in 2022 and again the
fundamental driver behind that is that
bid spread is reducing so along with the
pressure from LPS wanting you know
liquidity amongst their their private
equity investments
>> you mentioned um strategic domestic
investment I'm just wondering there
there's been so much talk about
anti-involution and the need to you know
bring down competition
and and really kind of try to
consolidate some industries. Are you
seeing a lot of that now?
>> Indeed. Right. You look at the data
>> sectors. Yeah.
>> High-tech. So semiconductors, right? So
again, driving, you know, the government
policy about really trying to invest
into the semiconductor, the high
technology, the AI investment. That's
really what we're fundamentally seeing
driving this this M&A activity in China.
Again, it's the consolidation. The data
suggests that a lot of the M& M&A
activity is driven by ashare SOE listed
companies. So again, they're moving away
from becoming the behemoths. They invest
in everything and really starting to
narrow in on on what are their core
competencies. A lot of the mega deals
were very much centered around
consolidation. Consolidation.
>> What other sectors? You talked about
semis a little bit, I think, there in
AI. Like is there any other thing that
stands out to you? Because from a policy
priority perspective?
>> Yeah, I mean look, I think it's it's
it's AI as I said it's it's still health
and farmer, right? Um I think consumer
is struggling at the moment but again
that's where we're seeing a lot of
attention and again I think that's
mirroring with the financial sponsors.
They're very much invested in services
uh healthare uh education to a lesser
extent.
>> What about outbound M&A for some of
these Chinese firms? How's that looking
right now?
>> It's still sluggish, right? I think kind
of early signals we're seeing
particularly in our business is it's
starting to rise. But I think the the
real interesting trend is not so much
the strategic outbound M&A, but the
financial sponsor outbound M&A.
Historically, we've seen sponsors in
China very much focused on investing in
the China market. But there's this new
and emerging theme at the moment of
China headquartered asset managers,
private equity funds that have had to
really pivot their strategy away from
domestic uh orientated deals and really
pivot that to more of a regional and
global focus. And I think that's going
to be a key driver of outbound M&A
alongside the strategics as they start
to participate uh more and more in the
M&A space. And
>> what do you suspect is the motivation
behind that sort of push out?
>> I I think a lot of these funds they
they've got a large amount of US dollar
capital and as we know right it's hard
to deploy US dollar capital into China.
We're seeing, you know, continued growth
of renb funds in China, but those who
are sitting on large amounts of US
dollar dry powder that, you know, have
the expertise in investing, it's then
where we're we're seeing them pivot to
more of a regional and global focus.
>> Right. And are there specific
geographies that stand out to you where
that is that money is starting to show
up?
>> I think Southeast Asia or or is
definitely one uh and and Europe at the
moment, right? I think US is still a
little bit sensitive. Yeah. Um but but
Europe and Southeast Asia. Yeah.
Obviously.
>> Um in terms of I mean do you have any
projections of how things look? I mean
even when it comes to just deals,
transaction volumes and the like I think
we're still not quite near the peaks
that we saw back in what 2016 correct
and 2021. Are we likely to to get
surpass that you think or get back to
those levels?
>> I think in time we will. Right. I think
the big uncertainty at the moment is the
tariffs. Right. We saw really good
momentum leading into Q1 of this year.
liberation day tariffs comes out halted
everything boardrooms and investment
committees they're just struggling with
the uncertainty at the moment so I think
as that starts to play out and there is
a bit more certainty where they land
it's it's anyone's guess right but I
think the certainty will ultimately
drive uh more activity whether that
happens in back end of Q3 or Q4 or
pushes into next year I think it's it's
anyone's guess but I think that demand
is there right
>> Hong Kong as an exit strategy because
the market's been doing well has been
has seen tremendous
progress. Are you seeing anything
onshore for example in the Asia market
and whether or not we will see that that
that listing market pick up because of
you know what's going on the last few
weeks?
>> Yeah, I look I think we will but again
it's going to be very much domestically
orientated businesses, right? I think
we're seeing a lot more activity in Hong
Kong obviously because people want to
attract the international investor
community.
>> Okay, fantastic. Great to see you.
>> Very nice report. We could get into most
of this thing, but yeah, I think we'll
be here until the next version of this
comes out in 2026. Thomas Crassy, their
M&A advisory partner at PWC here uh in
Hong Kong. They recently just put this
out just this week. Plenty more ahead
here on the China show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show. President Trump has refused
to change the terms of South Korea's
tariff agreement despite lobbying from
President Liyong during, of course,
their first in-person meeting. After
talks at the White House, the two
leaders did agree to cooperate on
security issues and also ship building.
We're going to be buying ships from
South Korea, but we're also going to
have them make ships here with our
people, using our our people, and we're
going to go back into the ship building
business again.
>> Let's bring in Stephen Angel, our chief
North Asia correspondent. He's here with
us. And that was quite a long and varied
briefing as far as topics that they
eventually covered, but yeah, like so
where do we stand as far as the the
relationship between the two is
concerned? Well, it could have gone
pear-shaped because the the tone
beforehand sort of set it up for a
confrontation because Donald Trump had
put out some tweets or not tweets, truth
social uh social media posts essentially
uh calling out the political uncertainty
and the chaos uh in South Korea and he
was unsure whether they could do
business with the South Koreans. He also
raised concern about uh reported raids
on churches. So, uh, it could have
started off badly, but I think President
Lee, uh, came in with a clear plan, a
bit of a charm offensive. He
complimented Donald Trump for the, uh,
you know, helping, uh, lift the US stock
market. He, he, he, he, he, he, he, he,
he, he, he, he even complimented on the
rather gilded, yes, the gilded nature of
the Oval Office with lots more gold. Uh,
and essentially praised him for a number
of things, including Trump's peacemaking
efforts. I think that set the tone right
off the bat pretty um in a cooperative
tone. It was cordial if not friendly. Uh
and again there's details that need to
be fleshed out on the pledge that the
South Koreans have given in that uh
lastm minute July trade deal which
basically lowered the tariff the
threatened tariff from 25% on South
Korean goods to 15. And as you
rightfully said, Dave, uh, President Lee
came kind of looking to reduce that, if
not remove that. Trump says, "We stuck
to our guns." They did not do that. But
we're still trying to get more details
on that $350 billion worth of planned
investment in the United States. We know
Hyundai Motor is is going to up its uh
investment by 5 billion by 2028. And
also, Korean Air is buying 103 Boeing
jets. Uh Trump also wants to meet the
North Korean leader once again. What do
we get on that?
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, he actually
says he'd like to meet him again this
year at some point. We do know Donald
Trump has agreed to go to South Korea
for the APEC meeting in October. I'm not
saying that it's going to happen then. A
lot has happened obviously since Donald
Trump's first term. Kim Jong-un has been
emboldened, if you will, by the Russian
war in Ukraine because of the military
partnership between Russia and North
Korea. So, a lot has to happen, but
again, President Lee asked him to be the
peacemaker and perhaps reach out to Kim
Jong-un. So, that is something we do
need to watch out this autumn.
>> Steve, thank you. Our chief Asia
correspondent Stephen Angle there. Uh,
meanwhile, also President Trump is also
threatening to impose new curves on
advanced technology and chips. Now, this
would be in retaliation against other
nations digital services taxes that hit
US companies. Let's bring in our Asia
tech correspondent Annabelle Jewelers on
what we can start with. Uh, give us some
context behind this. Why are digital
taxes such a painoint?
>> Yeah, well, they've been a painoint for
President Trump really for quite a long
time now. Even during his first
administration, for instance, he was
talking about tariffs on countries that
impose digital service taxes. So just
sort of in brief a digital services tax
is taxes that are put on tech companies
that generate revenue from users in a
particular country. So whether that's
online advertising, streaming, the sale
of data and more the issue is that
obviously as the economy becomes more
digitalized, you've got countries or
companies that are generating revenue in
countries where they don't really have a
large bricks and mortar presence. And so
the the the idea is that that
essentially is not fair. You can see
here for instance, France introduced a
digital services tax back in 2019 and
every year they're continuing to
increase the revenue that they make from
it. President Trump's point is that that
really unfairly discriminate
discriminates rather against US tech
companies and that's what he's been on
social media this morning talking about
proposing new tariffs, export
restrictions on advanced tech
semiconductors if these digital service
taxes aren't removed.
>> And what's this all got to do with
China? Is there a connection
>> that this part wasn't so much clearcut
but in the in the in the social media
post this morning he was making the
point that this gives and this is
quoting but a complete pass to Chinese
China's largest tech companies. So
that's his point is that digital service
taxes unfairly discriminate against US
big tech and they give China a free pass
as he said. So I did find some
interesting u information research
rather from the information technology
and innovation foundation that sort of
builds itself as a nonpartisan uh think
tank that's based in DC and their
argument in a nutshell is that digital
service taxes are aimed at taxing
revenue from the largest corporations
right now. Chinese tech companies don't
have such a large footprint in the in
the EU and they're particularly focusing
on the EU where we see most of these
digital service taxes particularly
focusing on them there and they don't
have such a large footprint so it kind
of gives them a bit of a second mover
advantage because they can kind of just
sit back watch how US companies adjust
to the tax environment and then plan
their market entry and expansion around
that and so again perhaps not a level
playing field that would be the point
that ITIT or ITIF is and and maybe the
point as well that President Trump was
was getting to in his social media post
this morning.
>> Bel, thank you. Well, you learn
something new every day. Certainly,
that's certainly true today for me. Bel,
thank you so much. Bel jewelers there.
Now, more on trade news coming through
and this is according to the the journal
is reporting a senior Chinese negotiator
is reportedly heading to Washington this
week for what could be the first round
of negotiations in the US capital. That
is as we point out according to the Wall
Street Journal which says uh Lien Gang
will meet with trade and treasury
representatives later this week. Now the
report comes as both sides extend their
pause on higher tariffs through early
November. Plenty more ahead. This is the
China show.
[Music]
Welcome back. Uh before we go, just a
check on some names about 90 minutes
into the cash market session. We've been
tracking very closely and some names
that have seen a massive amount of money
come in and you know Cambercon
Technologies is really one example with
an RSI of 91 and the stocks up 550%
over the last 12 months. A lot of that
very recently, but certainly 550% is a
lot all throughout the 12 months. Yeah,
we're seeing a pullback as far as that's
concerned.
>> Yep. And we might be in seeing a
pullback when it comes to India here
today, but futures are flat here right
now. But we did hear from President
Trump reiterating that, you know, and
signaling that those 50% tariffs could
hit India soon. So they're talking about
August 27th, I think 12:01 midnight is
when those tariffs go into effect. So
that basically brings it to one of the
highest among some nations in terms of
tariffs and even higher than China.
>> Yep. So, something to look ahead to as
we move into that specific deadline and
how quickly things have actually
changed. Was that on your bingo card as
of last year? We'll see you all
tomorrow. That's it from us here on the
China Show.
[Music]